ElScreen 1.2 README file

This is the distribution of ElScreen 1.2, released March 2001.
It is an Emacs utility with which you can have multiple screens
(window-configuration) on your GNU Emacs as well as GNU screen on
shell. 

If you use emacs-lisp applications which have many windows(like Gnus,
irchat, Wanderlust, mew...)  ElScreen makes it easy to switch to a
different screen, with its configuration unchanged. You can also create
and kill screen, jump to them, rename the screen, and so on.

This version is developed on XEmacs 21.1.14, with APEL 10.3.

Files
-----
This package should contain the following files:

    elscreen.el     ElScreen version 1.02 main file
    README          Introduction to ElScreen 1.02 (this file)
    ChangeLog       ElScreen and ElScreen-GF Change log file
    THANKS          ElScreen and ElScreen-GF Thanks file

Installation
-----------
To use ElScreen, APEL is required.  You will find it at

  ftp://ftp.m17n.org/pub/mule/apel/

Then, simply install .el files in this directory to your load-path,
and put following line into your .emacs:

    (load "elscreen" "ElScreen" t)

Usage
-----
You may use following sequences on ElScreen:

    C-z         ElScreen prefix key
    C-z C-c     Create new screen
    C-z k       Kill the current screen
    C-z C-p     Switch to the previous screen
    C-z C-n     Switch to the next screen
    C-z C-a     Toggle screens
    C-z g       Jump to the specified screen
    C-z [0-9]   Jump to the screen #
    C-z ?       Show help
    C-z C-f     Find file in new screen
    C-z w       Show list of screens
    C-z m       Show last message
    C-z t       Show time
    C-z A       Name the current screen
    C-z v       Show ElScreen version

Setup
-----
You can set the following variables:

    elscreen-prefix-key
    
        Command prefix-key. The default value is '\C-z'.

    elscreen-show-screen-number

        If non nil, show the number of the current screen in mode
        line. The default value is 't'.

    elscreen-buffer-to-screen-alist

        The pairs of regular expressions of buffer-name and
        corresponding screen name, which are listed by
        'elscreen-show-list'. 

    elscreen-mode-to-screen-alist

        The pairs of mode-name and corresponding screen name, which
        are listed by 'elscreen-show-list', only when buffer-name
        cannot define its screen name.

Where Can I Get ElScreen?
-------------------------
ElScreen is available from the following anonymous ftp site.

       ftp://ftp.morishima.net/pub/morishima.net/naoto/ElScreen/

Bugs
----
Under multiple-frame environment, screen numbers displayed on mode line
of each frame is changed at the same time.

Bug Reports
-----------
Please mail bug reports and any comments to:

       naoto@morishima.net
